TRANSCRIÇÃO UNIVERSAL DE VÍDEO
============================================================

Origem: YouTube
URL/Arquivo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wE8f-j8iqjk
Idioma: en
Data: 10/11/2025 20:08:24

============================================================

TRANSCRIÇÃO:

Welcome to my channel, my name is Cassio Hart and today I will teach you the types of campaign structures for creative testing that I am doing here in my Low Ticket operation with this new Andromeda update. I will enter here in my UTMFI, let me update here, and today is November 4th, we have already made R$ 7,064 in sales and it is only here half of 23, so our goal today is to hit at least 10,000 sales on top of this offer. The objective of this class is to show you the types of structures that I use to do the creative tests before starting the scaling process here in my operation. So, to help you in this process, I want to show you different structures here, starting with this first one here, which I end up using a lot, mainly for products up to R$ 47, However, this same campaign structure, I have already sold products of 97, of 147, it depends a lot on the budget that we make available here in our campaign. You have to understand that everything will depend on how much you have available to put in your campaign. So, based on your budget, you will have to adapt the best structure. So that's why I want to show you here three types that I use and work very well. So starting with this first one here, aiming for my product of R$ 47, what is my test structure? So I want to show here only in a more visual way, but then go inside the manager to show this process building the campaign from scratch. But what happens? Seeing that my product is R$ 47, how do I divide my creatives to start testing? The first type of campaign I do is an ABO campaign. What is the difference between an CBO campaign and an ABO campaign? It's just the allocation of the budget. If I put my budget at the level of the campaign, it will divide my total budget into all the sets and ads that I have within the campaign. If I put my budget at the level of the set, that is, in ABO, I can isolate this budget in each set. In this format, I can see at the end of the day when Facebook spends my budget in all these sets in the same way, I will be able to identify which are my best sets and which are the ones that I can disable. Now, when I leave it in CBO format, Facebook, Meta, will have the freedom to work my budget within all these variations of sets that I put. However, it may be that one of the sets that I put here, especially in the testing phase, is not a good set, that is, it is not a validated set. What can happen? Facebook ends up directing my campaign verb to this set. So that's why in this testing phase, we need to isolate our variables. So if I'm testing the public, I need to test the same amount of investment in each of these audiences so that at the end of the day I can see how much it spent on my audience, how many conversions I had. This value is exactly the same as it spent on my lookalike campaign or similar audience. How many conversions did it generate? So I can see a comparative parameter of these two types of audience. Same thing with ads. If I isolate the variable from the ad, it makes it possible that at the end of the day, with that same investment spent on all my test ads, I can validate exactly which one performed the most and disable those that didn't perform. However, with this new update, Facebook started asking us to put the creatives together in the campaigns. So he asked for less variations in the sense of diversifying your budget in several tests, put all this budget in a single campaign and put all the creatives in that campaign. But what I want you to understand here is is that this is just a format of campaign structure. You need to understand that there are others in the market and start testing in your operation to see which one performs better. Because I'm going to introduce you here three and the three I'm running today and it's working very well. And the last one you will be in a low mood. I'm sure you didn't know how to test this campaign structure and it works very well. But let's go. What am I going to do here? My product is R$ 47,00. So, in this first campaign structure here, I will isolate my creatives following this new update that Meta asks us to do. Not to leave 100% isolated, put another one so it has a comparative variation between the creative A and the creative B. By doing this, what did I do? I made a campaign in ABO where I put my budget at the level of the set, so for products up to R$ 47, I like to start with my budget here from R$ 15 to R$ 30, from R$ 15 to a CPA of my product, why? Before this update, I liked to upload my ads with R$ 6,00, the minimum possible. I even have videos here on the channel validating the low ticket, scaling, starting with R$ 6,00. However, there are some accounts that now you are no longer able to put R$ 6,00 and the minimum is R$ 15,00. So let's adapt with this new update. So the minimum he's accepting today on my account is R$ 15, so I adapted my strategy on top of these R$ 15. So I put here first the ad set, as I have six different types of creatives to test, I will do it in the following way: I will split these tests so I can work with less investment in my set. Why? If I put a lot of creatives with low investment in my set, it will make me need to take many days of active campaign for it to spend enough here in my creative to validate if it is a good or bad creative. I always I use as validation the CPA on top of my creative and not on top of my set if my set is not taking an isolated creative So we have to understand this when we are bringing here to structure our campaigns. As I have R$ 15, I need to take only 2, at most 3 ads within this set. But I like to put there at most 2, to at least have a verb there for Facebook to spend within this set daily, so I can have conversions on top of it. Obviously, as the volume of sales It's very low, precisely because of my budget available, but here I'm talking about a test. I'd rather lose R$15 in a test than lose R$30. And since I will test more than one creative, if I put R$ 30 in all my test sets, if I don't sell, at the end of the day I will have spent a lot of money. So I want to be safe for my operation. So first I will start here with low investment and as sales increase, then I will increase. Without a hurry, I want to prioritize the security of my budget first to validate all the stages of my funnel and then start putting money and increase my sales volume. So I defined here that I will use R$15 and I will put only two ads inside this set. My ad 1 and my ad 2. Then I will duplicate this same set That is, I will duplicate that same public configuration and I will replace my ad 1 and my ad 2 with my ad 3 and my ad 4. Here I am following what Facebook asks for, to have more variation within that set for Facebook to understand: "Okay, this one is not converting, I will send more budget to this one." Now if I only have one, even if I don't convert, Facebook will force the expense on it. I can validate with this I can validate even if it is spending right you will perform or not so deactivate but in this format here we follow this new update adapting by how much I'm investing here inside this set now I'm going to duplicate this set that will be my set 3 also with 15 reais taking my creative 5 and 6 so here I already have three sets, taking my six creative ones, but cutting them into three sets of R$ 15. Now, what can I do? I can take and make a fourth set, where I'll take it from there and put at least, I like to put here from two to three tickets of my product, so I'll put here, for example, R$ 100, and I'll put here my 6 creatives. So it will be my 1st creative, my 2nd creative, my 3rd creative, my 4th creative, my 5th creative and my 6th creative. Why? Because I can test, besides validated creatives, what type of structure converts the most to my business. If it is to leave more than one creative together, all in one set or in one campaign, Or, if it's better, I have less budget within the set, with few variations of creative, so that he has the money to spend and sell, but I go by lateralizing my sets, putting new creatives and new audiences. But what happens? Why did I put this budget at the level of the set? Just so I can look at the end of the day and see this one spent R$15, my set 1 and set 2, which one performed better? This one also spent R$15, my set 3 and 4, which one performed better? And this other one, which one performed better, 5 or 6? And bringing it to this one below, as it has more money available to spend within 24 hours, then yes, I can put more ads. But there is a very important detail here that we always have to analyze. Why? What can happen? As I have a bigger ad here and our campaign is scheduled within 24 hours, until noon it is already for him to spend at least half of my budget. So I'm going to analyze my campaign to see if the ad is being distributed equally among all these creatives Or I can look at it and see that only my creative 6 consumed almost all my ad. So imagine that from the 50 reais he spent, he spent 40 on this set here. That is, he stole the ad of all the other ads. So what can I do? If my CPA burst, I can pause this ad here, so Facebook can start spending my budget on my other ads. What I can't do is look at the result of my set, at the set level, that is, I see here that in my set it already spent almost R$50 and didn't generate conversion. I come here and deactivate the set. But what happens? If I look at the ad level, I see that I spent a little bit on my credit number 1, a little bit on my credit number 2, I spent a little bit more on my credit number 3. In the amount, it has a cost that is hitting my CPA, but at the level of the ad, my tax is all fractured. Now, bringing this to the campaign construction, how do we do this structure here? First, Let's go here in our Advertising Manager. I'm in one here just to show this campaign structure, there is no active campaign here. But how do we build this campaign? Let's go. I'll come here in Create, always for my low ticket campaigns, we will always define sales campaigns, always sales campaigns. Now, this campaign organization, the ad set, we will have here on top or here on the side. Basically, what is the campaign? What am I looking for with this strategy in here? In this case, I'm looking for sales. So the campaign is what I'm looking for. Here in the ad set is where I will define where this sale will happen, for whom I will sell and where my ads will appear. And already in the ad part is what I'm going to show to these guys. So, let's go. Here in the sales campaign we will define what we are selling, I usually put here the date I'm starting and what product I'm selling. Here in the budget part, we will change to budget at the joint level. And here is a very interesting thing, if you are to consume content from other content creators here on YouTube, each one has a format of campaign structure that uses. And what I want to bring here, and I reinforce in all the videos I post, is that all structures can perform for your segment from the moment you test and validate. Because there are structures that I've seen from other content producers and applied to my business and didn't perform as well as this structure that I use here in this offer did not perform well in another product that I run here in the operation. So that's why I want to bring you here ways that you can build to test you and see, in fact, for my product converted much more in ABO. So I'm going to scale my campaigns in this format. "But I saw that Andromeda, for my operation now, where I put several creatives within a single set or campaign, is performing very well, much better than isolating the creative in the set." Perfect! So start to scale your campaigns on top of this format. Today I use these three structures that I'm going to show you here, I use today in my operation. Some of them perform these three types of structure in the same offer, while in others I use one or another. So these are the ones I use. So for this one I'm going to put my budget at the joint level, because I want to spend those R$15 on each one. So let's go. I put here the joint budget, I have to uncheck this box here, share part of your budget, so I have to uncheck it. Now, going down here, I'll just click here, "Advanced". Now you can see here that it jumped to the new ad set. Now where am I going to configure it? Where is this sale going to happen? Who am I going to sell it to? And where will my ads appear? So first here, "Conversion". Understand that conversion is sale. Where will the sale happen? It will be on my website. And what is the performance goal of this campaign? What will Facebook understand how it is achieving the result? Maximize the number of conversions. So it will try to get, it will take this budget and will try to bring the maximum conversion it can get on top of this available budget. There are other strategies that you can test here within these conversion optimization goals, but start here by maximizing the number of conversions. It works very well. Below, in the data set, is where we will put our Facebook pixel. You need a pixel to run your low ticket, through the pixel that the Meta will understand who bought your product. So it will bring this data to your campaign, you will be able to identify which campaign was generated the sale, but besides that, and as important as Facebook will understand the behavioral profile of this audience and will start to deliver your ads to people who have this same behavioral profile. So, with the pixel more optimized, Facebook will understand more who buys from you, who is your target audience and will start to deliver your ads to these people. If you don't have a pixel yet, I'll leave the link in the description of this video, of a complete lesson teaching how to configure all pixels and also in a card here on top of this video. So here I defined my pixel and now I'm going to put an event for this conversion. What do I want Facebook to mark as conversion? And here is a very common error too. We will always define purchases, always. "Cássio, but my Pixy is new and my purchase here is gray." That is, he hasn't received any purchase event yet. No problem, you can put here purchases, which from the moment you have your first purchase, it will already be green and will already activate. So always leave it here as a purchase event. Going down here we have our daily budget. In the past, I used to put it here for low-ticket products. Remembering that this strategy is for products up to 47 reais. Above that, I already put more investment because I need to have enough money for Facebook to spend and I can have conversions on top of my desired CPA. and look here, let me see until he left it here to put six reais but I'll put it here because I don't know if he'll let this campaign go on I'll leave the minimum I can put here that was 15 reais beauty here in the start date ok do the following if it's before noon, you can activate your campaign without problem. If it's in the middle of the afternoon to the end, I usually like to leave it at 23:59 that same day. Why? Because then it will be midnight and my campaign will activate and start running. "But then your budget will not spend at dawn?" Facebook will hold the budget, because it will make few impressions in this part of the dawn and then it will start to print your ads with more power. Except for campaigns that you run outside of Brazil. Since there is the issue of time zone, it will understand our time at dawn, many times it is a time more at night, more in the afternoon in another country, so the people are more active within the social network. But I like to always put here, on the day I'm creating the campaign, at 23:59. It's midnight, day 5, my campaign starts to run. In this part of the public, what we are going to do is, at this first moment, I like to leave it totally open, without putting any interest, without anything. Facebook, with this new update, is getting more and more intelligent. So, in fact, it can deliver your ad to the buyer's audience. Based on all the actions we do within the social network, Facebook is able to map what our interests are and that's why we receive ads of products and services that we either want or are interested in buying at some point. The tool is very smart and that's why I like to start here some test campaigns with the most comprehensive audience possible. Then we can put some interests, some lookalike audience to give a little bit, but let's make it more comprehensive like this at this first moment. Now here in the positioning part is where my ads will appear. So if I click here to edit the positioning control, It even shows me the positions I can show. Let me just cancel here. Let me show more down here. I can define if I want to show only on the phone or desktop, if I want to show on Facebook, Instagram, audience networking, Messenger, if I want to isolate my ad within these platforms and some specific positioning. And here's a very interesting thing. At first, leave everything open like this, because then, within the detail, which is how you will see where your investment was spent, you will be able to understand how much you spent on the Instagram feed, how much you spent on the Facebook feed. Usually the positions that sell the most are Instagram feed, Facebook feed, Stories and Reels. But it's not a rule, we have good conversions here in these other positions here. So I advise you to leave it because this goes from niche to niche. If you offer a product that meets a younger audience, you will probably have more conversions within Instagram. Now, if you advertise for a more mature audience, you will probably have bigger conversions within Facebook. So that's why you leave it open just to test. Now, down here, what we're going to do is, let's not go too far, we're going to do it in a very broad way, because then we'll collect the metrics and refine our campaign. Now, this is where we're going to show our ad. So, let me put it here, this is going to be my set 01 and this is going to be my ad 01. Let me put it here, campaign 01. Now, what are we going to analyze here? and with this update Facebook also adds a lot of things that make our lives a lot easier but it also adds some things here that are to spoil our state we have to pay a lot of attention here first of them here in the We will select our Facebook page and we will upload an ad directly to the cloud. This ad will not be published on our Facebook or Instagram, but it will appear as sponsored. If I have a very good post on my feed and I offer my product by my profile, I can use a post that I've already posted and that comes with all the engagement, with all the comments. So in this example here I will create a zero ad. Down here I'll uncheck this box here, "Advertising with several advertisers" I'll uncheck it, ok? Leave it unchecked. Here in "Destiny" we'll leave it in "Site" and here in "URL" we'll put the URL of our site. Let me get my site here, just to put it here, for example. Let me go back here, the URL of the site. Now what do we have to see the following, look: Facebook shows here some advantages updates. Let me get here, let me get here and I'll upload a creative one just so we can see something here. Let me come here and move forward. I'll click on this one right here. Just for example, okay? Let me get here, I'll move forward just to get to this part here. This is very important, okay? Why? There are some modifications that Facebook makes to make your creative more attractive. For example, it can change the text you put in your caption, it can, based on that text, make some variations. But there are some things here that ruin our campaign. I'll click here to continue and I like to edit right down here. creative improvements, leave it disabled, especially this one here, where are the site links, it will appear up here, site links, you need to be disabled here you need to be so look at your campaigns and check if the website link is disabled because if I put it here in edit what will it do it can take my site links here and it will direct the guys here to any registered link inside my site Since we use direct traffic to the checkout a strategy we use in the website, imagine that if this is activated, it can identify the QIFI link and end up directing my traffic to other products that have nothing to do with what I'm offering. So I'm making the traffic of the person to see my ad when they click on the checkout of another product, of another person. So, it needs to be disabled. Or even imagine that you are offering an X product, but within your main domain, your website, you test several other products. So imagine that you are offering an X product and the person clicks and is directed to a Y product, which has nothing to do with the audience you are selling. So, always leave it disabled. So, I always check here. If it's disabled here and down here in "Creative Improvement" let me come here, "Creative Improvement" 2/7, I come here to edit and I just disable all this here, disable here, disable here and come save. So look, 0/7, perfect. Now for UTMify to be able to track the sales that we had here within the campaign, what do we need to do? we need to put down here our URL parameter. This is where UTMify will be able to identify where the conversions of your campaign are coming from, or which creative or which set. And for us to get this code here from the URL parameter, we will do the following, if we use UTMify, if you don't use UTMify, this code here will not work. But for UTMify we will come here, access UTMify, I will come here in integrations, I will click here in UTMs and I will click here, UTM code for Facebook, clicking here it will give me these options, so if I use Hotmart I will use this one, if I use Cardpanda I will use this one and if I use any other, other than these two, I will use this one, so I will click here, copy, I will come here in my campaign again and paste this parameter here. So, it's from here that UTM will identify the sales that came from my campaign. And then, what am I going to do? I'm going to duplicate here and upload my Advertising 2. So, Advertising 2, let's go. I'll just take it out here, Advertising 2. I'll get here now, I'll download everything, I'll delete this ad here. Oops, I pressed it wrong. Set up as active, Advertising Image, move on. I'll upload this one here. a picture of me here, just so you can see the campaign construction, okay? I activate one and I activate two. Okay, I'll check, the links and site are disabled, okay. There are improvements here, one of seven. I'll edit and I'll disable it too, save, okay. And so I'm doing in my other sets. As I duplicated, it comes with the same configuration. It has already pulled my URL parameter here. And here, my Facebook pixel, you can see that it is marking here in my ad. You have to see if inside your ad, if you also put it to leave the pixel registered in here. So you have to see if it is active here. As I made the configuration of my first set, what am I going to do? I'm going to duplicate it. and now I have here my second set so this one will be my set 2 as it has the same settings that I already did it will come here with my pixel with my budget the time that will activate the configuration of the public positioning now here I will only replace my ads and it's the same process we did there I will remove and I will upload a new one so just to stay faster here this class I will as if I had to replace it so this one will be my announcement 3 and then here I will replace it for my announcement 4 beauty I will duplicate again and now I have here my set 3 same configuration now going up my creative where 12345 and my creative 6 so after I publish this campaign look I have here three sets, taking R$15 in each one of them. As it is a lower value, I will put less creative variation in here. But as I showed here in this drawing, I also like to make a last set where I put all the creatives that I'm testing in one, but with a higher value. Do this format only if you have healthy verbs for your tests. So what you can't do is test many variations at once because you will lose money. You have to isolate. You will test traffic, you will test page conversion, you will test checkout conversion. Test, step by step. So here is the traffic issue. So if I have a healthy verb to test, I will do the following: I will create my set 4, I will duplicate it here, my set 4, which will take all the creatives. If I put it here, this will be my AD1, AD1 and 2, this one will be my AD3, 4, this one will be my AD, 5 and 6. And this one will be all, so there will be the 5, the 6, let me duplicate here. Remembering that when I duplicate I make the change to the creative that I'm using. Same scheme, just come here, media or video only. and upload a new media, checking if the site link will be disabled. So let's go. This one I'm going to put, it's going to be my 1. Let me pull here now, I'm going to duplicate it again. Where? Duplicated. Duplicate quickly. This one is going to be my 2. Now here is going to be my 3, 4, 5 and 6. Already in this one, as I have more creative, I'm going to put here at least the two I'll put R$100 here. Since the settings are the same, it will activate from midnight. So here I have all my creatives, but sliced into different sets, taking the same audience. But I want to test here which one is more worth it and generates me sales with ROI. I put less budget in the set with few variations, side the sets with these tests inside or put all my tests inside a single one. And here's one thing, why did I do them all in A-B-O format? By default, what I do here is my taste and what works for my campaigns, but it's not a rule. That's why I want you to test, be it in ABO or CBO, to see which one performs best for you. The only thing that will change is the organization of your campaign structure. If I put my budget here in CBO, imagine that Facebook would spend my budget differently between these sets. But these sets are taking different creatives, with different creative amounts, so it's not a very precise test because there's a lot of variation that's not structured here to put my budget at the level of CBO. What other test can I do too? This here, that works, I see a lot of people using this same structure, I particularly don't like it because I put a lot of campaigns in my ad account and I don't like to analyze this format here. But, as I said, if the budget is in the set, you can isolate your variable inside it, if it's inside the campaign, you will have to isolate in several campaigns to actually make Facebook spend this budget within or your audience or your creatives to validate if it performs or not. Now here, how does this other format work? I'm going to do the following, I'm going to create a new campaign, always sales campaign, now this one will be my campaign 2, CP02, but this one will be a CBO with my AD1. Here I will leave my budget at the level of the campaign, and here I will also put my R$15, the minimum here for me to be able to announce. If your account still works at 6, you can start with 6, remembering that with R$6, what is the calculation you have to do here? My product costs, I'll put here, 27 reais. With 6 reais, think that I'm wanting to get a CPA of my product, my analysis will take 2 to 3 days, because it will take 1 day and he will spend 6 reais. In two days, I'll spend R$12. It's almost 50% of the product's ticket. In three days, it's almost on the threshold. So I'll be able to analyze more precisely. Now with more investment, we'll reduce the amount of days we need to start optimizing our campaigns. So I put R$15 here, I'll come forward. Same scheme here, where will the sale happen? On my website. How do I want to optimize my campaign? To maximize the number of conversions. What pixel do I want to register in this campaign? Pixel out of Facebook. But what event do I want it to register? Shopping event. Going down here, when will my campaign start? 23:59, from this same day. Public, I won't change. Positioning, I won't change. This one will be my set 01, AD, 01 and here you are my ad01 ad01 same scheme I'll come here I'll disable ads with several advertisers I'll put the rl on my site I'll check if my Advantage improvements are disabled and if the site link is also disabled now in this format What am I going to do? I'm going to duplicate this campaign by the amount of creatives I have. So if I have here, for example, three creatives, let's go, set 1, add 3 and here I'm going to substitute, oops, sorry, add 2, here it will also be my add 2 and here my ad 2. I'll come here, same scheme, replace my creatives. I'll get my campaign, I'll duplicate and now I'll do it here, this one will actually be my campaign 3, and this one my campaign 4. Campaign 4 will be my CBO and my announcement 3. And so I do it based on the creatives that I have available to test here. Obviously, if I have several creatives, I will fractionate my tests. I test first 3, then I see who performed, those who performed I bring to the pre-scale campaigns, but I never stop testing new creatives. I test in a controlled way, so I don't spend all my profit that I earn from the campaigns that are performing in new creative tests. So I do this in a controlled way. So here we are duplicating based on the amount of creatives that we have. So if I bring it here for this drawing, basically it will be in this format: a campaign, a set of ads and an ad. If I have 6 creatives, it will be 6 campaigns, each one with a single ad set inside and each ad set with a single creative. At the end of the day, each one will have spent R$ 15 and I will be able to see: "My campaign from my ad 3 spent R$ 15 and brought me two conversions. My campaign from ad 1 is already active for 2 days and it didn't generate any conversion. and already my ad campaign 6, it has my best cpa and a very good sales volume so it's an ad that I can bring to future campaigns this structure here basically it just isolated the budget on top of the ad here to make it spend this value of 15 reais here or whatever on top of this only creative of this only variation to actually be able to see ok I spent what was my result already this other one here it ends up being different, where in this same 15 reais I don't have only one creative, I have two. So, look, Facebook, if this one doesn't perform, you can spend my money on this one. If this one breaks my CPA, I can disable it and force delivery on this one. Now, in this structure, if my ad breaks my CPA, I don't have what to do, I have to disable my campaign. Why won't I disable my set? Because I only have one variation inside it. Automatically, if I disable my ad, I don't have any other ad in the set, so it will stop printing verbs. If it's the only one and it's not spending verbs, my campaign will be active, but it won't spend. So I'll deactivate my campaign. So it's just a matter of structure. Now here, another thing I like to do a lot, especially for low-ticket products, like R$10,90, R$14,90, R$19,90. where one of the structures that I like to do, also in the ABO format, let me just get here to make it clear, so here it goes 15, 15, just to be organized here, it also goes 15, and here 15. Now, in this other format here, so let me just get here, that this one will be ABO, this one will be CBO, and this one will also be an ABO. And what I like to do here, let me get 15 here, as if I were... Okay, so all the sets here have 15. What I like to do here, and this structure here, you probably haven't seen it yet, but just to show you that it works, so you don't get stuck in 1 1 1, or 1 3 1, or 1 5 1, test it and then tell me if it worked for your business. Here I made a campaign in ABO, in the same format as this one here, that I had shown, in the same format as this first one here, that it is in ABO. But what happens? In this campaign here in ABO, in each ad set I put different creatives. Now, in this other campaign structure, I'll do the following: I'm going to duplicate this one here, just to show you something here. This one is the duplicate, so this one will be my ABO campaign. "Creative repeated". In this structure here, I will not use this one here, which has all the creatives. This structure here, of an ABO with a repeated creative, how will it work? I have here my set 1, and my set 1 will only take my AD1. Where is it? Let me get it here. Where is my set 1? Here. only my AD1 repeated twice. My set 2 will only have my ad2 repeated twice. Let me edit here, repeated twice. My set 3, let's see here, 1, 2, and my set 3 will only have ad3 also repeated twice. Remembering, we need to do the substitution of the creative, analyze to see if the advantage is disabled, links of the site are disabled, the improvement of the creative advantage is disabled. So, always checking, but look here, it's another type of campaign structure, where I have my budget of R$15, putting the same creative within this set. And now you're asking yourself, ok, but why repeat the same creative? Why? I want to test, within this set, different public slice. Some people say: "There is no slice". There is, yes. So, I can prove it to you here, in these campaigns, in this campaign result, that I will show you how it actually performs. So, look, within this campaign here, which is my campaign 5, in ABO format, taking erectile creatives. But what happens? Here are different campaign structures, obviously I don't want you to test all of them at once, because it may be that, as it is a test, you need to test it creatively, publicly, these things, it may not convert, it's a test. I want you to choose one or the other and start testing in a controlled way. Particularly if you want to start, I would go for this first one that we did. ABO campaign, put R$ 15 there. If your product is up to R$ 47, put 2 to 3 creatives at most in this set. I would put 2 there. There are more creatives to put. will duplicate the set and putting two in two, this is the way I use here and it works very well, let me update here, let me get here in the total summary today let's see, profit almost already hitting here, 9000 in sales and we are here at 13:15 on November 4th, so the result is very good today. So, going back here to our Miro, we have here our campaign structure format repeating these creatives. And now look, I brought it here following this last structure that I showed you, look at the result we have here. one campaign, one ad set, with the creative repeated one of the creatives generated 10 conversions, CPA of 16, ROI of 2.01 the same creative spent R$28, generated 2 conversions, CPA of 14.13, ROI of 2.39 that is, both are performing within this set I'm showing you here that it works and it's to test and see if it works for your business. This second one, look, same scheme, one campaign, one ad set, within this set there is one repeated ad, generated 11 conversions, CPA of 5.73, ROI of 2.50, already in this other one, 21 conversions, ROE of 1.8, CPA of 7.78, very good result. In this one below here too, same scheme, one campaign, a set of ads and the same repeated ad within this set. It spent R$57, generated 6 conversions, CPA of 9.56, ROE of 2.30. This one below here didn't generate any conversion yet, but it only spent 4.80, so I can leave it active for longer. So, you saw here that different campaign structures bring conversions. But you have to test it for your operation to see which one performs better. And don't go in the wave of "now the idea is to put all creatives in one". So everything that is campaign in ABO doesn't work anymore. Or don't use CBO anymore, use only in ABO because now it's what's selling. It's selling for the person who tested, validated and worked for her segment. You have to do this for yourself and see in practice which one performs better. Obviously, testing it in a controlled way, bringing security to your investment. Started selling? Start scaling your campaigns, okay? In today's class, I wanted to bring these three campaign structures to test you in your operation. Then give me feedback on which one performed best for your business. I invite you to watch other videos here on the channel where I'm doing a series showing all the optimizations that we do here in the low tickets of our operation so there is a lot of value content here of optimization of pixel configuration on Facebook also the question of remarketing structure so there is a lot of content here to direct you in this low ticket market I also invite you to know my Instagram, take your questions here in my direct, it will be an honor for me to be able to help you on this journey. A big hug and see you in the next class.
