TRANSCRIÇÃO UNIVERSAL DE VÍDEO
============================================================

Origem: YouTube
URL/Arquivo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpElDP_xgv8
Idioma: en
Data: 10/11/2025 20:08:22

============================================================

TRANSCRIÇÃO:

How to announce on Facebook in the Andromeda version, right? I'm going to talk to you here how you will build your campaigns from now on with the new update of the artificial intelligence of Metaedis, which is the Andromeda version. Basically what you need to understand, not all accounts are still working on Andromeda, so it is recommended for you to build the campaign the way I'm going to show you here and feel there for the first five days if it will already bring more results for you. If a ad account there, for example, that you are already running the campaign, I strongly recommend that you do not disable your campaigns initially build these new campaigns new and start feeling the result normally what has happened the purchase or sale cost in these new campaigns have become cheaper than in the old version but I will not recommend for you to simply stop the old one and start the new one because it is something you need to test even because it is not simple to build the campaigns in the new version that requires much more creativity it requires much more understanding of the correct way to do it and that's exactly what I want to talk to you about here how to build a campaign right from now on Facebook is in the new version without further ado let's go here with me to the screen of my computer the first thing I want to highlight here with you is that you will have to use the advertiser press the promote button those things we used to do are getting harder and harder to generate results because if the goal is saying that we need to put more creative from now on how do we believe that pressing the promote button will work as well as doing it by the ad manager so you need to master the ad manager in practice to really get more results ok so come here with me in practice first thing you will do is click here to create a campaign you will have to choose if you will use the engagement campaign for example if you are a local business there right if you use the message campaign to attract customers there for your business you can use the engagement campaign here if you want to sell online sells a high ticket sells a low ticket right sells online courses there or has a check out is the owner of an e-commerce finally has a check out can pass the online card then you will choose here the sales campaign for those who are going to do sales campaigns, it requires you to configure the pixel and it requires you to also configure the advertising goals here inside the manager. This is a subject for another video that I'm going to do here, so I'm going to bring more videos here teaching you about these settings that you need to know, but basically it's like this, if you are already my expert edis student, there is a new module inside, right, that I basically recorded Monday, where I teach you to configure your account to take advantage of the maximum potential of Andromeda now so if you are not my student I will also invite you the link will be here below another important thing you will choose the campaign goal and will configure your campaign or you will build your campaign the way I will show you this campaign that I already left here pre-configured to be faster for you if you are at absolute zero now like this, I don't know if my first campaign calm down here on the channel there are other videos where I teach you to upload campaigns so you can get the content of these videos and adapt mentally to the content that I'm going to show you here now and later on this there will be new videos here too where I will teach you in fact, right, to upload campaigns in the new version, but understand that at this moment it is the moment of experimentation if you are completely new to this universe you have reached the best time if you are already doing the campaign having some results are afraid of updating start experimenting gradually you will feel that the result will be better, but like this, start slowly, don't disable everything, don't get desperate, because usually when we despair in this universe, we end up taking damage and losing what is working. The meta itself said that it will not take away its results. So, if a campaign is delivering, it will continue to deliver. What will happen is that in this new format, the trend is to be cheaper than in the old formats, ok? So let's go, I'll click here on edit and here I want to show you the basic part of the campaign, right? You will put the name in your campaign, you will configure the budget issue here and in this new moment now of Metaherds Andromeda, the budget must be attributed the campaign and no longer the set I have noticed that putting the budget in the campaign has brought me more results because it gives me the freedom to have one or two sets here testing different angles in a little while we will talk about this and this enhances my results too ok so you will take the total budget you have will add up if it were two sets when you spend on each and will put here in the total budget of the campaign What is the detail? Many people have done this wrong, ok? When I say total budget here, I am basing myself on the total budget that you will spend per day, that is, you will not differentiate the budget by set. That's what I'm saying. There are many people confusing the part of the meta documentation there, right? When he talks about the total budget, I think it was even a mistake when he uploaded the document, people are confusing what the total budget is here, it's not this one, it's the daily budget, only you will group how much you will spend on each set and will put in the total of the campaign, ok, don't confuse it with the total budget here because it's not this one you should use now ok a relevant point here in the public segment reports if you don't have this here configured and make sales campaigns you will click on this button here public segmentation and will configure here the segments of public of your ad account is subject to another video here too, right? Expert we talk a lot about this here in the new mode and there are also other videos here on the channel where I teach you to configure this here so search here segments of public that you will understand how to use this here correctly let's go down a little more here you don't need to move anything you will click on advance there here starts the game ok so here inside the ad set we will move differently now so there were really considerable changes here first considerable change right I I'll put here for example the normal site I'll put it here to maximize the number of conversions normal I'll also choose a pixel our pixel here it needs to have the advanced correspondence activated ok how does this advanced correspondence work here inside our event manager and what I'm telling you here now is if you use the pixel So if you are going to do a message campaign, for example, don't worry about it, you can go through it. You will come here in the conversion location, you will choose messages, WhatsApp and life that follows. You don't worry about what I'm going to show you here now. Here inside the database, you will choose the pixel you want to configure and it will come here in settings. here in settings there are two things you will need to always leave active from now on, which is here, automatic correspondence, right? And here, in this part here, event tracking, because when I activate the automatic site correspondence here, I basically say that it capture more data for me but I already said this in other videos, right? These data here need to be provided by your site or by your check out and don't forget to use the conversion API here too, configure the conversion API on your check out or on your site to get more results yet but it's a subject that I'll bring later in other videos here on the channel too so if you're new here, subscribe, activate notifications, comment down here what you sell because I can analyze your scenario and bring videos applied to your reality here too Ok? An important point here that has changed a lot of things, here in the value rule. The value rule now is basically our new age segmentation and our new audience segmentation in the sense of gender. Why? When I click here in value rule, I'll come here, I'll activate it, and here I'll have some parameters that I can create rules. I can create rules for age, so for example, if I sell more to a public that is 35 to 44 years old, I can create a value rule here that I want to pay more for this customer level. What does it mean in practice? It means that when I go to compete at the auction with another advertiser for this client, I'm saying: "This client I want to pay more expensive." And this increases your chance of selling a lot. It seems that you will only spend more, but it's not that. It's because imagine this: you are at a auction where you and your main competitor are. You two have the same product. But then, both of you are paying R$ 10 here. then what happens you said to the goal I want to pay a little more expensive for this client and you're running a sales campaign that is the goal will want to make you sell and you still said you want to pay more expensive for that thing for that specific client there who can buy from you you understand the power of this the possibility that you have to sell even more using value rules than just simply segmenting age in your ad set because segmenting age you say like this goal I want to announce this age range then you end up losing slices that could buy from you that is already too bad, right And besides that you still don't talk to the goal in fact you want to sell to that person you just said he showed the ad there now with the rules of value he brings us this possibility to sell more because with value rules I can say that I want to pay more for a certain client and the cool thing here is that I can combine rules of values ​​so I can say Facebook I want to pay more expensive for the client who is 35 to 44 years old and I want to have one more criteria the gender criteria so if he is a woman for example if you are a clinic of aesthetics things in that sense I also want to pay more expensive and then it's not that he's going to charge you fifty percent more here fifty percent more here not when he combines these two things he pays fifty percent more in the deal look at the sales potential, right, you I understand combining these rules and what is the detail you can do several different criteria here and then if I create a new one. This criterion works independently of this criterion will not use this rule but this rule will use this rule or this rule and it's very important, right? You understand here and then you can and then what happens Here happens the stacking, so if I have this rule first, it will try to adapt this rule, then it comes to this rule and it will combine rules here so that you actually have more results in your campaigns. So this is something that has changed a lot in our structure construction. Going down a little more, Here you don't need to worry, here in the public part you will continue to segment the region you want to advertise, if you want to advertise for your city, your neighborhood, you will continue to segment this. And here in the minimum age, it's a cool part for you to configure, because if you really don't have a chance to sell to people, for example, below 25, lock here at 25. But if you have a chance, then you leave it here at the minimum age of 18 and use the value rule to tell Facebook which audience you want to have a better delivery. Exclusion of audiences. If you want to exclude the buyer audience here, if you know what I'm talking about, you can exclude those who have already bought from you, but it is not so necessary. languages ​​also if you announce for example for a country that has a predominance of language but you want to impact a different audience you can use so let's use a scenario that you are Brazilian who announces to Brazilians who are in the United States you can create a language rule only for those who speak Portuguese in that particular region then you segment your ad and still you can use it here these segmentations that we do here in the controls are not segmentations of exclusion in the sense that they will not impact your campaign as the old segmentation is just to me to highlight the goal in fact what the result and for whom I want to have the result now here in the public suggested you can see that it has changed, right, the way he brings it here for us I will not use it in this first set, I will use it in the other sets, but at this moment you don't need to click here. In the positioning you will leave it automatic too, so we leave it that way. Now we will go down here to our creatives. And here in the creatives there is a lot of things that have changed. So the creatives really changed a lot of things here, a lot of ways to make our creatives. And that's what I want to talk to you about from now on. How to really use the creatives to have the potential for results that you can have in your campaigns. Understand that the creative now is the new segmentation of ads. So if you don't master the way to build your creatives, you can be sure that you will throw a lot of money away. So let's talk about creatives now. The creative is now the director of your campaign. Based on how it works. The goal is that he will use your creative, the image you put, the video you put, the carousel you assembled, to understand who he will show. With the new Andromeda version, the meta has the ability to read completely your creative. And when I say creative, I mean the image, I mean the copy and I mean even maybe the destination, where your link is sending. He can read all this and find the best client for that creative of yours. based on this we start to have the need to create creatives based on copy angles this is a more complex subject there are other videos here on the channel that I talk about this and within Expert Edits there is a complete module only of the update of the Andromeda method where I explain the details of fact that you need to consider from now on, right, to build your creatives, the expert link will be here in the video description, but basically I'm going to need to go up to the goal here now, let's go back to my screen, several creatives, right? And completely different creatives. So before I said like this, ah, you can change the color, you can change the title, which will be enough, it's not enough anymore. From now on, we have to have completely different creatives, completely different. So I'll have different creatives in narrative, that is, copy the message I pass on the ad, and I'll have different creatives in formats, that is, the positioning. Let's go to practice for you to understand. here I put it written to make it easier to explain to you, it's in Expert Ed, it's more detailed, but basically it's like this, I put seven formats here, but the goal is asking for 20 to 30 creatives per as a whole or per campaign as you want to understand there look at the amount of creatives he's asking for, right and all these creatives in different angles in different narratives that is each one of these creatives has to be completely exclusive and unique How would that work in practice? I'll have several creatives, I'll do creative diversification, that is, I can have a long video, I can have a short video, I can have a carousel with only images and a carousel with images and video, I can have a carousel here with images and video too, I can have unique images, anyway, I can have several types of creative. Then you're thinking, how am I going to do that? Basically, he told us like this, now I want you to base yourself on top, middle and bottom of the funnel. In other words, I'm going to have creatives that I'm going to talk to people who are almost buying from me, I'm going to have people there in the middle of the funnel who don't necessarily want to buy from me, but want to buy a product that I sell, and then the meta will understand that this person is having a relationship with this type of content and will start showing my ads to her, and people are totally... lost in communication, that is, the unconscious. The unconscious are those people who don't know they want that. That's the truth. How does this work in practice? I'll come here in a material that I was giving a class to explain in practice. Let's imagine a scenario where you have a product there, right, which is a craft course, right, and this is a very interesting content to be clearer for you to understand the angles, right, so imagine that you have a craft course there, who is not a craft, sorry, of training, This course of training, who can buy it from you? You can buy it from the pet owners. So the pet owner can buy this course of craft from you. Pet owners' friends can buy it to give as a gift to the pet owner. The guy who bought a puppy now can buy this training course. a person who is researching the subject can buy this course and those who already buy similar products. Let's put it here in practice, how does this look like, thinking about half, top and bottom of the funnel. The pet owners, he can be at any level, right? But here he is a hot client, right? Because he has the pet, so he may need his training course. So I would put him here in the middle / bottom of the funnel. right? Pet owner friends can be a top of the funnel here, because the guy doesn't have a pet, he's a friend of a owner or a boyfriend, right? Someone who is having a relationship there is more interested in pleasing that person. He is a top of the funnel and when he passes his top of the funnel ad, he may have the brilliant idea of ​​buying this product to give as a gift. you understand there the goal enters this scenario he will present your product for the person to be able to buy from you this is very relevant in the ads another thing here who just bought a puppy who just bought a puppy for me is a fund of fun and the very hot audience, right because your ad will appear there beautiful wonderful saying so you already thought about making your dog sit Then the guy says: "Wow, this is important to me, I didn't think I would need to do this." Or better: "Have you ever thought about making your dog pee in the right place?" Look how relevant this is, right? The guy just bought the pet and you are reminding him of the problems he may have with his pet. This is great. But the goal understands your creative and understands the moment of purchase that the person is in. With these two things, the chance of you selling more is much higher. And it's in this place that you now enter making your ads. Who is researching here about the subject, the same thing. right who is researching here I would say that it is a warm/hot audience because he doesn't know if he wants to be researching such if it appears there with several ads and ends up selling to this person and then I have here the audiences who already buy this product, right So the person who already buys this product has a chance to buy your product only that this segmentation that I'm talking about here of levels, right, it will happen automatically the goal only asks you to deliver creatives that please each of these types of audiences And then it automatically, with artificial intelligence, will understand who is the client and what is your ad that adapts better to this client, making you sell more and more. This is the great magic of Metaedys Andromeda, which almost no one is understanding yet. So, if you master the creative angles, build these creatives correctly, you can be sure that you will sell much more in your business. So basically here in our creation of the creatives, I will need to put several aspects, several variations of creative to be able to please me the goal in each of these analyzes that we just talked about here now. If you want to learn this here in practice with me, I have a mentoring where I can look at your scenario and your business now and say, look, let's build these creatives here in this way and I'll pass you the narrative you need. I analyze with you which angles you need to do and I give you a document so you can follow there. And if you want to learn with me there at Expert Ed, I've already recorded the course, it's complete there, updated for you, a new module where we just talk about this here. There's more than an hour of the course already ok just for you to understand how much this changes the way you do your ads there and finally if you are new here subscribe here on the channel activate notifications so you don't miss any content I bring here big hug and see you next time
